
I am learning about how to run 'diff -u' on two
files to discover what changes have been made between versions.
 How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you sse the
bug that was introduced?
 I was able to quickly find out which line a typo was on in a 1000+ line file.
 How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a
more efficent programmer in the long term?
 I would be easily able to pinpoint problems and revert to earlier
versions of a file which otherwise would be lost and recreated or
abandoned. git log git diff hash1 hash2
n
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google Docs does?
If changes are saved automatically then I am not able to make a mistake and forget to commit my changes. I will always have some history to fall back on and work with. If my changes are commited at arbitrary times I risk storing a nonfunctional version.
If changes are stored manually I risk forgetting to commit my changes at all and I may lose work or information over time. I am likely to commit working and coherent versions when I do make commits. I am less likely to make commits as the barrier-to-entry is higher than normal saving.
I think commit-on-save would be a reasonable compromise for me. I would be happy to label my commits later or not at all. I don't care about commit messages so long as I can see what files were affected.

git log

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?
git log shows the history of all commits with the most recent
first (top). git diff shows the changes between any two versions
(commits) identified by their unique hash ids.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes
that could break something? I know that if I store my changes using git
I will be able to checkout a working previous version, and identify the
exact commit and line where the breaking-change occurred.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using git for?
I would like to configure git to store revisions of my ... cairnie theme development.
I would especially like to try setting up commit-on-save or learning shortcuts for committing.
