git checkout master 
: to return to the ... most newest commit

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change? - if many changes are made at once in different files it 
may be possible to break them down in to logical commits by committing 
one or more files at a time.

labels for commits are called branches
the main branch is called MASTER

git branch easy-mode
: creates a branch (head) called easy-mode


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

- since a branch is a label for a commit, I could use it to indicate 
 that a commit is fully functional and stable enough to be released.

- the given example was creating a modified, experimental branch of the 
repository.

- branches are good for working on different things 

git checkout coins

each commit knows about its parent
this is how git log knows which commits to show you - ancestors.

commits can be lost if they ... are not parents of any BRANCH commit

git checkout -b new_branch_name

git branch (list branches)
git merge * * 
git show id (diff since parent)
git merge --abort
git branch -d coins

git log --branch --oneline

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do? 

- The diagram shows that branches have a different ancestry of parent 
commits leading back to a parent commit at the point where the branch 
was started on the main branch (or another branch presumably).

- When we merge two branches changes are compared from at least three 
different commits to determine whether lines actually added, removed 
etc. If Jane added a line in her branch, it will be merged. If bob 
removed a line in his branch it will not be merged. To determine whether 
lines were added or removed from the branch we need the common ancestor 
commit which the two branches share.

Merge conflicts are indicated in the files affected by a series or <<<< 
or ==== or >>>>. To resolve the conflict we need to edit the file and decide
which version, wrapped in these markers, is the one we want, or create a 
hybrid version of these lines.

Moving code in to a function is a common way to make code more readable.
Sarah moved the code that controlled an asteroid breaking in to fragments 
into a function 'breakIntoFragments()'. This caused a merge conflict because
the same code had been modified to decrease the difficulty by creating 2 
roids instead of 3 in the easy-mode branch.

* What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?

With automatic merging we can merge more often and more easily. The easier it 
is to merge, the more often we can afford to do it. The more often we merge 
the easier conflicts will be to resolve as they will be simpler and require 
knowledge that we already have as we have just been working on those areas.

If two people work independently on similar areas of the same code, lots of 
conflicts will arise. If we merge reqularly the conflicts will be made known
earlier and resolved more easily.

The staging area is a really helpful tool which can assist in committing 
changes that are related, and untangling many unrelated changes that haven't
been committed yet. 





